.TH scff-mkcfg 1 "softScheck Cloud Fuzzer Framework" "Version 0.90"

.SH NAME
scff-mkcfg - softScheck Amazon Cloud Fuzzer Framework make config program.

.SH DESCRIPTION
scff-mkcfg allows you to easily create a scff project file, which is later used
by programs like scff-create-instances, scff-ctrl and scff-exploitcheck.

.SH SYNOPSIS

scff-mkcfg [-h] [-c CFGFILE] [-t BINARY] [-a TARGS] [-n NOM]
            [-i INPUTDIR] [-o OUTPUTDIR] [-d FUZZDIR] [-g GID]
            [-m MTYPE] [--os OS] [--demo] [-f TEMPLATE]

.SH OPTIONS

TODO

.SH PROJECT DEFINITION

The project definition or scff config file is split in two sections.
\fBINSTANCES\fP and \fBFUZZING\fP.
\fBINSTANCES\fP contains the following fields:

.TP
\fBami\fP
Amazon Machine Image which should be used to create the EC2 Instance
.TP

.TP
\fBgid\fP
Group ID used on all machines created using this project file. Should be 9 chars long.
.TP


.TP
\fBinstancetype\fP
The machine type used for this machine.
.TP


.TP
\fBname\fP
Contents of the name tag. If name tag is auto. \fIscff-create-instances\fP will create a name based on the target programm and the instance type 
.TP


.TP
\fBNumberOfMachines\fP
The number of instances that will be created. Must be between 1 and 200.
.TP

.TP
\fBplattform\fP
Can be \fIlinux\fP or something else.
.TP

.TP
\fBvm\fP
Writes the VM tag. This is used to send commands from \fIscff-ctrl\fP to the VM running inside the instance. NOT YET IMPLEMENTED!
.TP


.TP
\fBpost_bootstrap_cmd\fP
Shell command that will be executed after bootstrapping.


.SH PROJECT DEFINITION EXAMPLE

The following shows the contents of a valid scff project definition.

[INSTANCES]

ami = ami-87564feb 
.br
gid = qemutest2 
.br
instancetype = t2.micro 
.br
name = auto 
.br
numberofmachines = 4 
.br
platform = linux 
.br
vm = False 
.br
post_bootstrap_cmd = cd afl*/qemu_mode/ && ./build_qemu_support.sh && cd ; touch .scff/qemu_support



[FUZZING]

.br
dependencies = libtool automake autoconf bison libglib2.0-dev flex
.br
fuzzer = afl
.br 
fuzzdir = fuzzing
.br 
inputdir = fuzzing/input
.br 
outputdir = fuzzing/output
.br 
template = tpf
.br 
target = not-instru.tar.gz
.br 
args = 


.SH BUGS

Please send all bugs you encountered to wilfried.kirsch@softscheck.com


.SH AUTHOR
scff-mkcfg was written by Wilfried Kirsch <wilfried.kirsch@softscheck.com>

