.TH scff-ctrl 1 "softScheck Cloud Fuzzer Framework" "Version 0.42"

.SH NAME
scff-ctrl - softScheck Cloud Fuzzer Framework control program

.SH DESCRIPTION
scff-ctrl allows you to controll the EC2 instance aswell as the fuzzers running
inside them.

.SH SYNOPSIS

scff-ctrl EC2-INSTANCE-ID|GID|scff_PROJ_FILE|ALL|RUNNING CMD

scff-ctrl list TAG_1:VALUE_1{,TAG_N:VALUE_N} {CMD}

EC2-INSTACNE-ID refers to a unique 17 charakter id every Amazon instance gets.
GID stands for group id and allows the user to send commands to a whole group of instances
list allows the user to filter instances by searching properties and tags of an instance.

CMDs are:

CMDs are explained in detail in the options section of this manual.

.SH OPTIONS

Following options are always applicable:

.TP
\fBstart-machine\fP
boots the instance
.TP
.TP
\fBreboot-machine\fP
reboots the instance
.TP
.TP
\fBhalt-machine\fP
shuts the instance down
.TP
.TP
\fBremove-machine\fP
terminate the instance. the instance might show up for another hour in the instances list but ist no longer usable.
.TP
\fBinfo\fP
display basic info about the instance like name, id, tags..
.TP

From here on options work only on a running instance. If the instance is shutdown the instance will automatically booted.

.TP
\fBbake-image\fP
create a new scff ready image from a running instance
.TP
.TP
\fBbootstrap \fP \fIPROJECT_DEFINITION\fP
install fuzzers, scff daemon and set basic options on the machine to make the instance scff fuzzer ready.
also deploys the target and project file.
.TP
.TP
\fBdeploy \fP \fIPROJECT_DEFINITION\fP
deploys the target and project file.
.TP
.TP
\fBdistributed\fP
enables and starts distributed fuzzing. On non baked images this also deploys roving (4.2MB) on every
instance. Depending on your internet connection this could take a while.
.TP
.TP
\fBstart-fuzzing\fP
if distributed mode is enabled this starts fuzzing with the selected fuzzer in distributed mode otherwise in single mode
.TP
.TP
\fBpause-fuzzing\fP
sends SIGSTOP to all running fuzzers.
.TP
.TP
\fBresume-fuzzing\fP
sends SIGCONT to all paused fuzzers.
.TP
.TP
\fBstop-fuzzing\fP
terminate all fuzzers.
.TP
.TP
\fBreport\fP
output a fuzzing report, which include all current findings
.TP
.TP
\fBstatus\fP
display a basic status of the instance and the fuzzing process (uptime, load, memory consumption, cpu consumption, fuzzing mode, running processes affilated with the fuzzing process..)
.TP
.TP
\fBlog\fP
displays the scff daemon log - containing all error messages from programms called by the daemon (like the fuzzers).
.TP
.TP
\fBcmd \fICMD\fP
allows the execution of shell commands on the remote machine.
.TP
.TP
\fBssh\fP
open a secure shell on the remote instance.
.TP
.TP
\fBpush \fILOCAL_FILE {REMOTE_FILE_NAME}\fP
upload a file to the instance.
.TP
.TP
\fBpop \fIREMOTE_FILE {LOCAL_FILE_NAME}\fP
download a file from the instance.
.TP
.TP
\fBclean\fP
remove everything related to the current fuzzing project (target, config and log)
Basically this lets you return to a fresh baked image and allows you to easily set up a new fuzzing
project on the same machine without requiring you to select a different fuzzing directory.
.TP
.TP
\fBgrab-findings\fP
download all findings to your local machine for further examination.
.TP
.TP
\fBgrab-stats\fP
download fuzzer statistics (afl only) to CWD/stats. Statistics can be viewed with 
\fIscff-stats\fP.
This is currently the only way to view fuzzer statistics in single mode. Distributed mode statistics can
be viewed via http://PUBLIC_IP_OF_MASTER_INSTACE:8000.
.TP

.SH EXAMPLES

scff-ctrl list gid:test,role:master,state:!running info

Shows all instances which contain test in their gid have the master role and are not running.



.SH FILES
To use this programm you need an AWS account and the following files:
.B ~/.aws/credentials 
.RS
must contain AWS acces key id aswell as the secret key
.RE
.B ~/.aws/config 
.RS
must contain the region of your instances and the line output = text
.RE
.B ~/.scff/aws_keys.pem 
.RS
your ssh key
.RE


.SH BUGS
Please send all bugs you encountered to wilfried.kirsch@softscheck.com


.SH AUTHOR
scff was written by Wilfried Kirsch <wilfried.kirsch@softscheck.com>

